# YFV
Yellow fever virus (YFV) is caused by single stranded positive RNA virus from genus of Flavivirus, which cause severe diseases such as Yellow fever and Dengue. The replication machinery used by the virus consists of few enzymes including two methyltransferases (guanine-N7 methyltransferase and nucleoside-2’O methyltransferase), located in the N-terminal domain of the nonstructural NS5 protein. RNA capping process is a crucial step for the mRNA processing, translation and stability, making these enzymes attractive targets for the antiviral drug design. Heretofore, no specific antiviral agents for the treatment of this virus have been found until now. YFV causes around 30.000 deaths worldwide each year which have been increasing year in year out.

In the present study, starting for the crystal structure of Yellow fever virus methyltransferase, we used an in silico docking procedure that led the identification of commercial compounds that would display high affinity for the methyltransferase active sites. We performed a protein-ligand benchmark of AutoDock Vina and rDock molecular docking programs that guided us in further analysis. High-potency inhibitor candidates have been found, suggesting the impediment of the virus replication. Moreover, these candidates have been docked to other Flavivirus methyltransferases like Zika virus (homology modeling) and to human methyltransferases (CMTr1 and CMTr2). 

We found that some commercial compounds could inhibit YFV methyltransferase active sites due to their physicochemical affinity and docking scores while some others could also inhibit Zika virus methyltransferase. Besides, we observed that some compounds might inhibit CMTr1 and CMTr2. 

